fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/MenuRole.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.MenuRole
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/JobLevel.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.JobLevel
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/EmployeeRemove.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.EmployeeRemove
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/EmployeeEc.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.EmployeeEc
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/EmployeeTrain.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.EmployeeTrain
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/SysMsg.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.SysMsg
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/EmpSalary.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.EmpSalary
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/OpLog.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.OpLog
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Hr.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Hr
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Employee.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Employee
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Menu.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Menu
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/MailSendLog.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.MailSendLog
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/HrRole.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.HrRole
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Nation.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Nation
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Meta.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Meta
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Role.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Role
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Position.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Position
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Appraise.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Appraise
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Department.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Department
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/ResponseVo.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.ResponseVo
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/AdjustSalary.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.AdjustSalary
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/PoliticsStatus.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.PoliticsStatus
fun/mizhuo/hrserver/model/Salary.java
 fun.mizhuo.hrserver.model.Salary
